			        SOURCEFIRE, INC.  
			VRT CERTIFIED RULES LICENSE AGREEMENT 
			  VERSION 1.2 (December 12, 2006)

THE VRT CERTIFIED RULES ARE LICENSED TO EACH LICENSEE BY SOURCEFIRE, INC.
("SOURCEFIRE") UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS VRT CERTIFIED RULES LICENSE AGREEMENT
(THE "AGREEMENT"). BY CLICKING THE "ACCEPT" BUTTON BELOW, OR BY DOWNLOADING,
INSTALLING OR USING THE RULES, EACH LICENSEE IS CONSENTING TO BE BOUND BY THIS
AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT,
DO NOT CLICK THE "ACCEPT" BUTTON, AND DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL OR USE ANY PART
OF THE RULES. 

1. Definitions.

1.1. "Commercial Purpose" means the use, reproduction or distribution, directly
or indirectly, of the Rules or any Modification, or any portion of the
foregoing, or a Compilation that includes, in whole or in part, the Rules or
any Modification thereto that in either case is intended to result in a direct
or indirect pecuniary gain or any other consideration or economic benefit to
any person or entity involved in such use, reproduction or distribution.
Examples of a Commercial Purpose, include without limitation, (v) integrating
the Rules with other software or hardware for sale, (w) licensing the Rules for
a fee, (x) using the Rules to provide a service to a third party, (y) selling
the Rules, or (z) distributing the Rules for use with other products or other
services.  

1.2. "Compilation" means a work which combines the Rules or any Modification
or portions thereof with any services, programs, code or other products not
governed by the terms of this Agreement.

1.3. "Improvements" shall mean a Modification to a Rule (or to a Modified
Rule) that corrects a bug, defect, or error in such Rule without affecting the
overall functionality of such Rule (or Modification thereof).  

1.4. "Licensee" means either a Subscriber or a Registered User.  

1.5. "Modifications" or "Modified" means any alteration, addition to or
deletion from the substance or structure of the VRT Certified Rules or any
Modifications of such, including, without limitation, 
	(a) any addition to or deletion to the contents of a file containing a
	    VRT Certified Rule or a Modification; 
	(b) any derivative of the VRT Certified Rule or of any Modified VRT 
	    Certified Rule; or 
	(c) any new file that contains any part of the VRT Certified Rule or 
	    Modified VRT Certified Rule.  

1.6. "Registered User" shall mean an individual who has registered on
www.snort.org to use the Registered User VRT Rules without a fee for such use.  

1.7.	"Registered User VRT Rules" means those VRT Certified Rules that are
made generally available to snort.org registered users.  

1.8.	"Restricted Activities" shall have the meaning given such term in
Section 2.3.  

1.9.	"Rules" shall mean both the Subscriber VRT Rules and the Registered
User VRT Rules.  

1.10.	"Subscriber" shall mean an individual or entity who has registered as a
subscriber on www.snort.org to use the Subscriber VRT Rules and who has paid
the applicable license fees for such use.  

1.11.	"Subscriber VRT Rules" means those VRT Certified Rules distributed
thirty (30) days in advance of a general release of the VRT Certified Rules for
a fee.  

1.12.	"VRT Certified Rules" means specifically formulated network traffic
characteristics and instructions in text form, source code form or object code
form (including the structure, sequence, organization and syntax of such
network traffic characteristics), and all documentation related thereto, that
have been created, developed, tested and officially approved by Sourcefire.
These rules are designated with SIDs of 3,465 - 1,000,000.  

2.  License Grant.  

2.1.	Subscriber VRT Rules License Grant. Only Subscribers may exercise the
rights under this Section 2.1. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and in consideration of the license fee paid by a Subscriber,
Sourcefire hereby grants to such Subscriber a world-wide, non-transferable, non
sub-licensable, non-exclusive license to do any of the following with respect
to the Subscriber VRT Rules: 

	(a) download, install and use the Subscriber VRT Rules only on the 
	maximum number of Snort(R) sensors subscribed to, and paid for, by 
	such Subscriber; 
	(b) Modify the Subscriber VRT Rules and install and use those 
	Modified Subscriber VRT Rules consistent with paragraph (a); 
	(c) reproduce the Subscriber VRT Rules as strictly necessary in 
	exercising its rights under this Section 2.1; and 
	(d) make the Subscriber VRT Rules (or any Modification) available 
	to the Subscriber's consultants, agents and/or subcontractors for 
	the limited purpose of exercising its rights under this Section 2.1, 
	provided that such use is in compliance with this Agreement. A 
	Subscriber may install and use only a single copy of the Subscriber 
	VRT Rules or a single copy of the Modified Subscriber VRT Rules on 
	a single Snort(R) sensor. Paragraphs (a) though (d) of this Section 
	2.1 are collectively referred to as the "Subscriber Permitted Uses". 
	All rights not granted under this Agreement are reserved by Sourcefire.  

2.2.	Registered User VRT Rules License Grant. Subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, Sourcefire hereby grants each Registered User a
world-wide, non-exclusive license to do any of the following with respect to
the Registered User VRT Rules: 

	(a) Download, install, use and deploy the Registered User VRT Rules 
	on Snort(R) sensors that such Registered User manages (over which 
	such Registered User has administrative control); 
	(b) modify the Registered User VRT Rules and use those Modifications 
	consistent with paragraph 2.1(a) above; 
	(c) distribute the Registered User VRT Rules and any Modifications 
	generally available to Registered Users on a limited basis to other 
	Registered Users; 
	(d) distribute any Improvement generally available to Registered 
	Users on mailing lists commonly used by the Snort(R) user community 
	as a whole;
	(e) reproduce the Registered User VRT Rules as strictly necessary in
	exercising the rights under this Section 2.2; and 
	(f) Make the VRT Certified Rules (or any Modification) available to 
	the Registered User's consultants, agents and subcontractors for the 
	limited purpose of exercising its rights under this Section 2.2 
	provided that such use is in compliance with this Agreement.  
	Paragraphs (a) though (g) of this Section 2.2 are collectively 
	referred to as the "Registered User Permitted Uses". All rights 
	not granted under this Agreement are reserved by Sourcefire.  

2.3.	Limitations on License; 
Restricted Activities. Each Licensee recognizes and agrees that the Rules are
the property of Sourcefire, contain valuable assets and proprietary information
and property of Sourcefire, and are provided to such Licensee under the terms
and conditions of this Agreement.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
this Agreement, each Licensee agrees that he, she or it shall NOT do any of the
following without Sourcefire's prior written consent: 

	(a) Download, use, install, deploy, perform, modify, license, display, 
	reproduce, distribute or disclose the Rules or Modifications thereto 
	(even if merged with other materials as a Compilation) other than as 
	allowed under a Subscriber Permitted Use or a Registered User Permitted 
	Use; 
	(b) sell, license, transfer, rent, loan, download, use, install, 
	deploy, perform, modify, reproduce, distribute or disclose the Rules 
	or any Modifications thereto (in whole or in part and whether done 
	independently or as part of a Compilation) for a Commercial Purpose; 
	(c) post or make generally available any Rule or any Modifications 
	thereto (in whole or in part) to individuals or a group of individuals 
	who have not agreed to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, 
	provided, however, that nothing in this Section 2.3(c) shall preclude 
	the Permitted Use in Section 2.2(d); 
	(d) share any user authentication information and/or password provided 
	to a Licensee by Sourcefire with any third party to allow such party to 
	access Licensee's snort.org account or to otherwise access the Rules; 
	(e) alter or remove any copyright notice or proprietary legend contained 
	in or on the Rules.  Paragraphs (a) though (e) of this Section 2.3 are 
	collectively referred to as the "Restricted Activities").  

2.4.	Reproduction Obligations. 

Each Licensee agrees that any embodiment of the Rules permitted under this
Agreement will contain the notices set forth in Exhibit A. In addition, to the
extent a Licensee makes any copies of the Rules or any Modifications under this
Agreement, each Licensee agrees to ensure that any and all such copies shall
contain: 

	(a) a copy of an appropriate copyright notice and all other applicable 
	proprietary legends; 
	(b) a disclaimer of any warranty consistent with this Agreement; and 
	(c) any and all notices referencing this Agreement and absence of 
	warranties.  

3.	Modifications;

Derivative Works. In the event a Licensee creates a Modification, the use,
reproduction and distribution of such Modifications shall be governed by the
terms and conditions of this Agreement. Additionally, each Licensee hereby
grants Sourcefire and any other Licensee of the Rules an irrevocable,
perpetual, fully paid-up, world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to
download, use, reproduce, modify, display, perform and distribute such
Modifications (and the source code thereto), provided, however, that a Licensee
and any recipient of such Modifications must include: 

	(a) the original copyright notice and all other applicable proprietary 
	legends; 
	(b) the original warranty disclaimer; 
	(c) the original notices referencing this Agreement and absence of 
	warranties; and 
	(d) a prominent notice stating that the Licensee changed the Rule 
	(or any Modification thereto) and the date of any change.  

4.	Distribution Obligations.  

4.1.	General. 

The Registered User VRT Rules (or any Modification thereof) may be
distributed only under the terms of this Agreement, and each Licensee
must include a copy of this Agreement with every copy of the Registered
User VRT Rules it distributes. Under no circumstance may a Subscriber
distribute Subscriber VRT Rules.  

4.2.  Required Notices. 

Each Licensee must duplicate the notice in Exhibit A in each file of the Rules.
If it is not possible to include such notice in a particular file due to its
structure, then each Licensee must include such notice in a location (such as a
relevant directory) where a user would be likely to look for such a notice. If
a Licensee creates one or more Modifications such Licensee may add his/her/its
name as a contributor to the notice described in Exhibit A. Each Licensee must
also duplicate this Agreement in any documentation for Rules or any
Modification where such Licensee describes recipients. rights or ownership
rights relating to the Rules. To the extent a Licensee offers additional
warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligations, such Licensee may do so
only on his/her/its own behalf, and not on behalf of Sourcefire. Each Licensee
must make it absolutely clear that any such warranty, support, indemnity or
liability obligation is offered by him/her/it alone, and such Licensee hereby
agrees to indemnify and hold Sourcefire harmless for any liability incurred by
Sourcefire as a result of any warranty, support, indemnity or liability terms
offered by such Licensee.  

5.  Inability to Comply Due to Statute or Regulation. 

If it is impossible for a Licensee to comply with any of the terms of this
Agreement with respect to some or all of the Rules due to statute, judicial
order, or regulation then such Licensee must: 

	(a) comply with the terms of this Agreement to the maximum extent 
	possible; and 
	(b) describe the limitations and the Rule affected. Such description 
	must be included with all distributions of the Rules. Except to the 
	extent prohibited by statute or regulation, such description must 
	be sufficiently detailed for a recipient of ordinary skill to be 
	able to understand it.  

6.  Application of this Agreement. 

This Agreement also applies to rules to which Sourcefire has attached the
notice in Exhibit A and to related Modifications created under Section 3.  

7.	Representations and Warranties. 

Each Licensee represents and warrants that the information he/she/it provided
to Sourcefire when registering as either a Registered User or a Subscriber is
complete and accurate in all respects, and if any person is acting in a
representative capacity, such person has the right, power and authority to so
act. Each Subscriber further represents and warrants that the subscription
categories selected (e.g., personal or business use) by such Subscriber
accurately reflects such Subscriber's intended use of the Subscriber VRT Rules.  

8.	Versions of the Agreement.  

8.1.	New Versions.

Sourcefire may publish revised and/or new versions of the Agreement from time
to time. Each version of the Agreement will be distinguished by a version
number.  

8.2.	Effect of New Versions. 

Once a Rule has been published under a particular version of the Agreement, a
Licensee may always use the Rule under the terms of that version. A Licensee
may also choose to use such Rule under the terms of any subsequent version of
the Agreement published by Sourcefire.  No one other than Sourcefire has the
right to modify the terms of the Agreement applicable to a Rule.  

9.	DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. 

THE RULES AND MODIFICATIONS ARE PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT ON AN "AS IS"
BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES THAT THE RULES OR THE MODIFICATIONS ARE FREE OF
DEFECTS, MERCHANTABLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGING. THE
ENTIRE RISK AS TO PERFORMANCE OF THE RULES AND MODIFICATIONS IS WITH THE
LICENSEE OR RECIPIENT. SHOULD THE RULES OR MODIFICATIONS PROVE DEFECTIVE IN ANY
RESPECT, THE LICENSEE (NOT SOURCEFIRE) ASSUMES THE COST OF ANY NECESSARY
SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN
ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS AGREEMENT. NO USE OF ANY RULE OR ANY MODIFICATION IS
AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER.  

10.	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. 

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL THE LICENSEE OR SOURCEFIRE BE LIABLE
TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
OF ANY CHARACTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL,
WORK STOPPAGE, SECURITY BREACHES OR FAILURES, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION,
OR ANY AND ALL OTHER DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY SHALL HAVE BEEN
INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL
NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATIONS. SOME
JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY.  

11.  Termination. 

This Agreement and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically if
the Licensee breaches any or all of the terms herein and fails to cure such
breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach.  Additionally,
Sourcefire may terminate this Agreement for convenience at any time by
providing the Licensee thirty (30) days notice. Provisions which, by their
nature, must remain in effect beyond the termination of this Agreement shall
survive.  

12.	United States Government Users. 

If the Rules or Modifications are being acquired by or on behalf of the U.S.
Government or by a U.S. Government prime contractor or subcontractor (at any
tier), then the Government's rights in the Rules and Modifications shall be
subject to Sourcefire's standard commercial terms and only as set forth in this
Agreement; and only with "Limited Rights" and "Restricted Rights" as defined
the federal regulations if the commercial terms are deemed not to apply.  

13.  Miscellaneous. 

This Agreement represents the complete agreement concerning the subject matter
hereof. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, such
provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it
enforceable. This Agreement shall be governed by Maryland law provisions,
excluding its conflict-of-law provisions. Any litigation relating to this
Agreement shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the state and Federal Courts
serving Greenbelt, Maryland, with the losing party responsible for costs,
including without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees and
expenses. Each Licensee hereby submits to jurisdiction and venue in such
courts. The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. Any law or regulation which
provides that the language of a contract shall be construed against the drafter
shall not apply to this Agreement. Headings and section references are used for
reference only and shall not be used define, limit or describe such section.

EXHIBIT A - VRT Certified Rules License Agreement The contents of this file are
subject to the VRT Certified Rules License Agreement 1.2 (the "Agreement"). You
may not use this file except in compliance with the Agreement. You may obtain a
copy of the Agreement at
http://snort.org/about_snort/licenses/vrt_license.html.

Software distributed under the Agreement is distributed on an "AS IS" basis,
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the Agreement for
the specific language governing rights and limitations under the Agreement.
The developer of the Subscriber VRT Rules and the Registered User VRT Rules is
Sourcefire, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

Contributor: ________________________ 2005 - 2006 (C) Sourcefire, Inc. All
Rights Reserved.

SOURCEFIRE(R), SNORT(R), the Sourcefire logo, the Snort and Pig logo, SECURITY
FOR THE REAL WORLD, SOURCEFIRE DEFENSE CENTER, SOURCEFIRE 3D, RNA and certain
other trademarks and logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of
Sourcefire, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
